car arrived from Moscow
left the day arrived to participate in
race dedicated to the 70th anniversary
liberation of our land from fascism
there will be a big run a big event
it involves our show we
engage involve merton
fugues fiery here we decorate hey
invasion of flowers is all our symbol and
so is the club symbol
On the 15th, we will be speaking local
commands this will be extending the extension
let's say so the second round of the rock festival
which I vadim Samoilov
what are christians so he will arrive and
will be here on the 15th of the second qualifying
a tour of places on the blood of teams 16 of us
will be 10 hours
motorcycle column starts
which will follow the route
New World Church which suffered
during the fighting just
staging next stop it
Krasnodon Museum
young guard here we come back
through the airport at the airport we will
wait field work kitchen and small
such
let's say
but my little airport pass
means people such that touched
people quite with what was happening there and
end point it means kombat symbol
lugansk region on the return of the motor center is
somewhere
we will stay there all day
I think that's the return of the motorcycle center
make a very entertaining program
we will have rock stars called paternally
our rock star so we called we
hold back who it is because you want
little surprises that will be Comte
very fun it will be you
very large event